Well, that was delicious.
My compliments to the chef.
You were the chef.
I know.
I was complimenting me.
So, now what?
Now,
you're gonna help me finish that puzzle.
It's way too many pieces for a man
who has lived by himself.
Thank you, Rolf.
So, you really might not attend
Don Pablo's memorial service?
But he was like your mentor.
Well, there will be some people there
who it will be awkward to see.
Are you talking about Julia again?
What do you mean, "again"?
Dude, you're, like, obsessed with her.
You keep saying…
…"This is a story
about our family and a resort."
But it's all about her.
I think I should keep telling my story.
Then you'll understand
it's not all about Julia.
For example, this next part.
Okay, this next part is all about Julia.
But it's a good one.
The resort was gearing up
for its big New Year's Eve party.
But we did have one evening to relax.
…give our guests nothing but excellence.
One last notice
about tomorrow's Christmas staff dinner,
or posada.
Now, I know traditionally it's always been
the one event of the year
where all employees could bring a guest
with them to the dinner.
This year…
we will continue that tradition.
Yeah!
Why are we clapping
for getting what we always get?
-I don't know, but she's good.
-Yeah.
We've all been working so hard this year.
Tomorrow I give you
the best "thank you" possible.
Money, money, money.
Time together.
Plus, and I know this is
what you're really hoping for.
-Money, money, money.
-Yes.
I will sing you a Christmas song.
See you all there, my fabulous darlings.
Chad, will you remember to…
Chad, shall we?
-Hey!
-Hi.
That looks amazing.
I would totally wear that dress.
Thank you.
I just want to make sure
I impress Diane tomorrow.
-That's right. Your big meeting.
-Yeah.
-Are you nervous?
-Yes. I just--
I can't believe she might actually
put my clothes in the resort store.
And it's all because of Chad.
I mean, how great was it of him to make
that dress from one of my designs?
So great. Chad, what a guy.
You know, even the custom tags he made.
It just makes it feel like
it deserves to be at a store, you know?
Hang on a second.
How can you keep letting Chad
take the credit
for the dress you had made?
You're helping him win.
Hey. Calm down, Hugo. Calm down.
This chapter is all about Julia
and how little by little,
she started to piece together the truth.
Almost like she was doing… a puzzle.
Oh, man.
Is that why we're doing this thing?
How obvious.
-No.
-This is a beautiful metaphor.
-Just keep listening.
Well,
I hope you're more successful with Diane
than Grace Poole was
at keeping an eye on Bertha.
Máximo, you've been reading Jane Eyre?
How far have you gotten?
I'm at the part where she already met
the man she should be with,
but right now, she's with the other guy.
Piecing together the puzzle.
Wait. That doesn't go there.
Rosa, the next batch is coming up!
Hi.
Can I help you?
I just got hired for the holiday season.
Really?
That's strange.
Why?
Usually they put the pretty people
out by the pool, or the bar,
so the guests can see them.
You think I'm pretty?
Oh, um... I just meant...
what I mean is...
...can I show you around?
Sure.
So...
These are the laundry machines.
And...
here are more laundry machines...
And that's pretty much it.
How cute.
This might seem forward,
but do you think you'd like to hang out
at the staff dinner tomorrow night?
That sounds fun.
I'd love to.
Hey,
but I don't even know your name.
Oh, excuse me.
My name is Memo.
I'm Lorena. Nice to meet you.
So, what do I need to know
about the laundry room?
Well, my only real advice is a warning.
The woman who runs this place is horrible.
She's like an ogre that escaped
from a toddler's nightmare.
Do you want to know my nickname for her?
Aunt Lupe!
No, no, it's a little meaner than that,
but--
Why are you talking to my niece?
Memo asked me to the posada tomorrow.
Isn't that sweet?
So sweet.
Go fill out your paperwork.
Okay.
I'll be back soon.
So...
should I call you Aunt Lupe, too, or--
If you hurt her,
I'll chop your balls off.
Okay.
Gabriela!
Wait, wait, wait.
Who's Gabriela?
It's your teenage girlfriend.
It's the first girl you ever kissed.
Her name was Roberta.
I've been calling her Gabriela
all this time.
Roberta!
What's going on here?!
I knew you were a bad influence.
Always sneaking around together,
doing who knows what.
There were rumors.
The neighbors were saying things.
I didn't want to believe them--
But now I know,
and I will never let you two
near each other again!
Mom, hang on!
This is my fault.
I've been deceiving you.
For the past few weeks...
Roberta and I have been dating.
Sara was sneaking her out for me.
I'm sorry.
Roberta!
This makes me happy.
How precious!
My son's girlfriend deserves
to walk out the front door!
Bye Roberta!
Bye!
My son, dating my daughter's best friend.
I know.
Aren't we adorable?
I'm just wondering...
why was Roberta
sneaking out of the window...
in Sara's bedroom,
when your room is actually closer
to the front door?
The front door!
How dumb.
I can't believe I forgot about that.
What am I going to do?
Mom is more suspicious than ever.
That was a real close one.
And with the nosy neighbors, I'll never
be able to spend time with Roberta.
If Mom even sees us with each other again,
I'm scared what might happen to me.
I wish I could change things for you,
Sarape.
But I don't know how.
But I can give you a night together!
A night somewhere else,
where you and Roberta
won't have to worry about Mom.
What are you talking about?
Tomorrow night,
you both can come to my work's posada.
You can talk, and dance, and feel relaxed.
I'll pretend that Roberta is my date,
and you can pretend that Memo is yours.
Now way, that would be amazing!
But what if Memo already has a date?
That's funny!
But I would know
if Memo already had a date...
That is funny!
But I do already have a date.
Lorena. She's new here.
Seriously?
Okay, you can blow off my sister
the second you get to the dinner.
I just need you to convince my mom
that you're taking Sara.
And Sara will be okay with that?
I don't want to hurt her feelings.
I know she has a crush on me.
I think she'll be all right.
Just trust me.
I'm doing the same with Roberta.
I can't explain why.
Just know this is really important.
Fine.
-As long as I can ditch her at the dinner.
-Ditch who at the dinner?
Ditch any lady that comes near me.
Since I'll be with you, Lolo.
As you can see, my designs work both
at the beach and in the club.
And at an attractive price point too.
Your guests will love to support
a locally made product,
but without sacrificing the quality
and style that they deserve.
You know who you remind me of?
Ximena, the other woman at the front desk
you always confuse me with?
Yes.
But also me.
When I was your age,
I was just as ambitious as you are.
And that's a good thing, right?
Darling, it's fabulous.
Tell you what.
Why don't we try a small number of dresses
in our store on a trial basis?
If they sell,
we'll talk about carrying your line.
Oh, my God. Diane, thank you so much.
How fast can you get a dozen made?
I'll speak to my seamstress.
I'll also ask Chad about his dress person.
Chad doesn't have a dress person.
He had this dress made for me.
I can assure you wherever Chad got it,
it wasn't his idea.
Have a great stay.
-Thank you.
-Thanks.
-Hey, Máximo.
-Hey, Ximena.
I have to rush home
and pick up my sister
for the dinner tonight,
but they are cleaning the locker room.
-Can I leave my bag here for a few hours?
-Yeah, sure.
I'll pick it up tonight.
Thanks.
Bye.
I love you, Máximo Gallardo.
Really? She said that?
She probably did.
I can't believe I'm actually going to
sell my dresses in the store.
You know, I'm so psyched for you.
You know, it's not easy to impress my mom.
I mean, I wouldn't know.
I've never impressed her.
By the way,
where did you go get this dress made?
I'm going to need help making these.
You know,
I got it from the--
You know what? I am--
I am blanking.
I'm gonna go see my mom at the dinner.
I'll see you there.
-Excuse me.
-Okay,
I know people never actually
talk to themselves out loud,
but I'd like to think
that right around this moment,
Julia said to herself…
If the dress wasn't Chad's idea,
then whose idea was it?
This is like a puzzle.
Like a jigsaw puzzle.
Yes, that's a beautiful metaphor.
How do I look?
Dude, your sisters are all seamstresses.
None of them could fix your shirt?
Their specialty is dresses.
Would you ask a chef to cook you a chair?
Now I'd better break the news to Sara.
Would you give us a moment?
Sure.
Thanks.
Sara...
I hate, hate, hate to break
your little heart like this,
your brother might have warned you, but...
I've met someone.
She's finishing her shift
in the laundry room
and will be here in an hour, so--
Cool.
Your little sister is so strong.
Pablo?
Nora.
I hope I'm not interrupting anything.
Not really.
I'm...
getting ready for tomorrow's trip.
I haven't been to Mexico City
since the Pope came in 1979.
That's actually why I'm here.
I wanted to...
thank you for telling me
about my grandson.
It was a great surprise for me.
I have a gift for him
and a letter for my son.
I know it's a lot to ask, but...
if you have time,
when you are in Mexico City,
before your eye surgery...
Could you consider bringing it to them?
It's a teddy bear,
with a red jacket.
Victor had one like this one.
Yes, I remember!
So sweet.
I will try, Pablo.
I also want to tell you that...
I regret the way I behaved
these past years.
I believe I've hurt many people.
Including you.
I am sorry.
You made a big mess.
But I don't think it was all your fault,
Pablo.
I think it was also that hotel
that changes people.
You know that.
That's why I'm scared
of Máximo working there.
I understand what you mean.
But there are also wonderful,
and hard-working people like your son.
I believe if you met,
if...
you spent some time there,
you would see this more clearly.
I wish I could but,
I don't see anything clearly!
Hi, Xime.
Hi, Julia.
You look fantastic.
Thank you.
Where is my lip pencil?
Máximo.
Now that Julia knew
the truth about the dress,
she could start working on
the next part of the puzzle.
Who should she be with?
Chad…
Or me?
Wow, I love your dress!
Thanks, it's my own design.
You made that?!
No, my boyfriend made it for me.
Actually...
I just realized someone else made it.
A friend who...
I sometimes feel might be...
...more than a friend...
Don't get me wrong!
My boyfriend is great, he's just not...
he's just not the type of person
who would think of something like this.
While this friend...
does think of stuff like this.
Constantly.
Shit. I'm so confused!
Which explains why I'm saying
all this in a bathroom to a stranger
like a crazy person.
We all know the best advice
comes from women's restrooms.
And I totally get what you're feeling.
I was recently confused too.
I didn't know if I might be
more than just friends with someone.
But I followed my heart,
and now I'm with the perfect person
for me.
I'm happy.
So... follow your intuition.
You're amazing. Thank you, um... ?
Gabriela.
Roberta.
Julia.
Okay.
-Máximo, can we talk?
-Absolutely. What's going on?
No way!
Don Pablo's here...
with my mom?!
Really? I would love to meet her.
No, you don't get it.
If she's here,
there must be something bad happening.
Very, very bad!
Um...
so...
Let's catch up later, okay?
I couldn't let my mom see
Sara and Roberta together.
Mom! What are you doing here?
Remember last time you brought me?
I ran into my old friend, Pablo.
He invited me.
Don Pablo?
You are friends with Don Pablo?
Yes!
Why didn't you tell me you knew my boss?
If you had told me your boss was Pablo --
Don Pablo!
I would have told you.
But you never tell me anything
about your job,
you leave so early in the morning,
you come home so late at night,
smelling like shame!
I told you that smell is chlorine!
But anyway,
he invited me to the dinner, so here I am!
Let me bring you something to drink!
Wait here.
Beto, can I have some punch?
What are we gonna do?!
This is so bad.
Mom will find out I'm with Roberta --
Don't worry, I won't abandon you,
I promise.
Memo!
My mom is here!
So you need to keep pretending
to be Sara's date.
Alright.
But Lorena's shift ends in 40 minutes.
So this won't be for very long.
I'll make sure she's gone by then.
Do the arm thing.
Thanks.
To be honest,
temptation is what worries me.
Here it is, Mom.
Thank you.
Now you two are talking.
That's cool, and strange.
Yes, we just met.
She's lovely!
I was asking Julia,
would you say there's good,
hard working people here at the hotel?
I think so.
Roberta!
Doña Nora!
Roberta.
This is Julia.
Oh hey!
We actually just met.
Roberta is Máximo's girlfriend.
Aren't they adorable?
Why don't we sit together for dinner?
Yes, yes!
Come, dear.
Let's go.
What do I do?
I'm on a fake date
in front of the girl I actually like.
This is horrible.
No, it's actually good.
I've seen my sisters reject suitors
when they beg.
But as soon as the guys find a girlfriend,
my sisters suddenly realize
they were always in love with them.
Just show Julia what she's missing,
and you will see.
You really do know about women.
It's all about confidence.
Lorena!
What are you doing here?
My Aunt Lupe and I finished early.
What are you wearing?
This is a Posada...
Not "The Gong Show".
Máximo, Memo...
Tell your friends to join us.
Go on, we'll catch up soon!
What the hell, Máximo!
What am I going to do?
I'm on a fake date
in front of the girl I actually like!
But you just told me --
No, no, no.
Don't you dare throw that back in my face.
Why can't I read this joke?
I think it's funny.
I don't know, it just seems a little…
-Edgy?
-… offensive.
It would kill on Carson. Did you at least
get the sheet music for my song?
Damn it.
Great. Now how will the mariachi band
know what to play?
-Damn it!
-You forgot the mariachi band?
-I'm sorry. I was just a little--
-Distracted. As usual.
Come see me in my office.
My mom being at dinner
made everything more complicated.
While I was figuring out how to tell Julia
that Roberta wasn't really my girlfriend,
Memo was figuring out
how to be on two dates at once.
Look at how nervous Memo is.
Don't they make a lovely couple?
Sure, adorable.
Memo, get closer to take a photo.
You better treat her well.
You hear me?
How long have you been dating?
Well, how long?
A few weeks, right?
You can be someone's friend for so long,
and suddenly, out of nowhere,
everything makes sense.
Yes.
That night we watched a movie,
and shared our first kiss,
was the best moment in my life.
I'm a very competent kisser.
Me too.
Okay. I found one mariachi.
Or is it one mariacho?
Another year's almost over
and I really don't get it, Chad.
You're coasting at work.
You spend all your free time
with your girlfriend.
What do you want in life?
Because I'm your mother
and I really have no clue.
Well, I don't know either.
I'm still trying to figure it out.
You know, it's not always easy
living up to the Diane Davies brand.
You're right. I'm sure that isn't easy.
You know what's also not easy?
Being called a washed-up actress
when I was younger than you are now.
Raising a son by myself
while tabloids mocked me
for keeping silent
about who the father was
because I knew that was best for you.
I started at the bottom,
and I clawed my way up here.
You started at the top
and you're just kind of floating.
So, I'll ask you again.
What do you want in life?
Guess I just want you to be proud of me.
We have a Christmas carol to sing.
If you'll excuse me,
it's time for me to go.
It was lovely meeting all of you.
Thank you, Julia.
It's nice to know
there are good people at the resort.
Pablo was right.
Don Pablo!
Oh, and I love your dress!
Thank you so much.
It was a gift from someone very special.
Until next time. Enjoy your evening.
Such a nice girl.
It's actually me who had it made for her.
What?
It's sort of a secret.
Julia knows it was you.
No she doesn't.
But maybe someday she will.
But-
She does know!
She told me earlier.
Julia knows it was you.
And she likes you!
What?
Go talk to her!
No, I can't leave you and Sara alone.
If something goes wrong...
If everyone could take their seats,
please.
Go!
No, I'm not leaving you.
You two are such a cute couple.
Welcome everyone to our posada!
Yeah, maybe that is a little offensive.
Thank you, everyone,
for another wonderful year.
And a very special thanks to my son, Chad.
Chad, honey. This year would you be a doll
and get up here and sing with me?
Excuse me, just one moment.
Everyone was unhappy.
We were all stuck at that table.
None of us close to the person
we wanted to be with.
And then…
what happened next,
was something that surprised everyone.
What's Lupe doing?
Where is she going?
You can't see?
Not really, but she sings beautifully.
We'll be alright.
Thank you!
Máximo!
How did you know I'd be here?
Because we have a connection.
Also, this is the seventh place
I looked for you.
Listen, about Roberta...
I talked to her earlier.
She seems wonderful.
I'm happy for you.
She's somebody else's girlfriend,
I was just covering for them.
You're the only one I want to be with.
What is it?
You were right.
You are a very competent kisser.